hello YouTube robble coming at you with
another rival reviews and today we are
going to take a look at the fisher-price
go baby go
poppity pop musical Dino this thing's
pretty cool it's recommended for ages 6
months to 36 months and all I can think
is that somebody used to pop pennies on
their sneakers when they were younger
and designed this which is actually
pretty cool so it's got a little
activator step anything touches it it
will start flipping around I'll come
down come out the mall sometimes
sometimes they'll do good ricochet going
and honestly this thing is pretty cool
for a small child I could even see five
six year olds having fun playing with us
fisher-price says on the box that it's
supposed to improve hand-eye
coordination those motor skills and the
relationship in the brain between cause
and effect which I can see that that
makes sense to me that's got a little
thing here on the frontal anyway and I
honestly don't know if that activates it
or not but honestly I gotta say this
thing's pretty cool
my daughter's drop some different things
in here and they pop around funny so I
can see there's be a lot of fun as far
as the overall mechanics of it a balls
go through there makes it interesting
for the kids there's a dual volume
setting which is always nice ah
it takes batteries obviously and this is
made out of fabric which is nice because
it's kind of like spandex so it's going
to be kind of hard to puncture this
thing it's not like made out of rubber
and it's going to start to tear but I'm
sure eventually it will wear out
but honestly overall for toy for a
six-month-old it might be a little bit
tough for them to figure out I don't
think so maybe some won't for
one-year-old I could see this being a
blast okay you do you hang in there I'll
be back